README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://examples.swing.xyz">
    <picture>
      <img src="./apps/directory/public/directory-landing.png" height="300" style="border-radius:10px;">
    </picture>
    <h1 align="center">Swing Example Templates</h1>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">Kickstart your Swing integration with ready-to-ship repositories.</p>

<p align="center">
  <a aria-label="Examples Website" href="https://examples.swing.xyz">
    <img alt="Examples Website" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Examples%20Directory-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Swing Developers Website" href="https://developers.swing.xyz">
    <img alt="Swing Developers Website" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Developer%20Docs-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000">
  </a>
</p>

## Documentation

Looking for the documentation? https://developers.swing.xyz

## Getting started

First choose one of the [examples](#examples).

Install the NPM dependencies:

```bash
yarn install
```

Run the development server for a specific example:

```bash
yarn dev --filter=swaps-widget-nextjs
```

Finally, open the example http://localhost:3000

## Examples

> Have an idea for a template? Please [create a pull request](https://github.com/swing-xyz/examples/pulls) or [request one](https://github.com/swing-xyz/examples/issues/new).

### Swaps

- [swaps-widget-nextjs](./examples/swaps-widget-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the Widget in **Next.js App Router**
- [swaps-widget-nextjs-pages](./examples/swaps-widget-nextjs-pages/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the Widget in **Next.js Pages Router**
- [swaps-sdk-nextjs](./examples/swaps-sdk-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the SDK in Next.js
- [swaps-sdk-nextjs-web3-react](./examples/swaps-sdk-nextjs-web3-react/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using Swing's SDK and Web3-react library in Next JS
- [swaps-sdk-nextjs-thirdweb-embedded-wallet](./examples/swaps-sdk-nextjs-thirdweb-embedded-wallet/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using Swing's SDK and thirdweb's embedded wallet SDK in Next JS
- [swaps-api-nextjs](./examples/swaps-api-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the Swing API in Next.js
- [swaps-widget-webpack](./examples/swaps-widget-webpack/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the Widget with Webpack
- [swaps-widget-angular](./examples/swaps-widget-angular/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the Widget in Angular

### Staking

- [staking-widget-nextjs](./examples/staking-widget-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Staking using the Widget in Next.js
- [staking-sdk-nextjs](./examples/staking-sdk-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Staking using the SDK in Next.js
- [staking-api-nextjs](./examples/staking-api-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Staking using the Swing API in Next.js

### Withdraw

- [withdraw-widget-nextjs](./examples/withdraw-widget-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Withdraw using the Widget in Next.js

### Gas

- [gas-widget-nextjs](./examples/gas-widget-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Gas Refill using the Widget in Next.js

Commit message:

bitcoin api example fixes (#55)
## Changelog

- Examples: Polish and Make Bitcoin API Example responsive: FIXES DX-17

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://examples.swing.xyz">
    <picture>
      <img src="./apps/directory/public/directory-landing.png" height="300" style="border-radius:10px;">
    </picture>
    <h1 align="center">Swing Example Templates</h1>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">Kickstart your Swing integration with ready-to-ship repositories.</p>

<p align="center">
  <a aria-label="Examples Website" href="https://examples.swing.xyz">
    <img alt="Examples Website" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Examples%20Directory-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Swing Developers Website" href="https://developers.swing.xyz">
    <img alt="Swing Developers Website" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Developer%20Docs-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000">
  </a>
</p>

## Documentation

Looking for the documentation? https://developers.swing.xyz

## Getting started

First choose one of the [examples](#examples).

Install the NPM dependencies:

```bash
yarn install
```

Run the development server for a specific example:

```bash
yarn dev --filter=swaps-widget-nextjs
```

Finally, open the example http://localhost:3000

## Examples

> Have an idea for a template? Please [create a pull request](https://github.com/swing-xyz/examples/pulls) or [request one](https://github.com/swing-xyz/examples/issues/new).

### Swaps

- [swaps-widget-nextjs](./examples/swaps-widget-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the Widget in **Next.js App Router**
- [swaps-widget-nextjs-pages](./examples/swaps-widget-nextjs-pages/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the Widget in **Next.js Pages Router**
- [swaps-sdk-nextjs](./examples/swaps-sdk-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the SDK in Next.js
- [swaps-sdk-nextjs-web3-react](./examples/swaps-sdk-nextjs-web3-react/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using Swing's SDK and Web3-react library in Next JS
- [swaps-sdk-nextjs-thirdweb-embedded-wallet](./examples/swaps-sdk-nextjs-thirdweb-embedded-wallet/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using Swing's SDK and thirdweb's embedded wallet SDK in Next JS
- [swaps-api-nextjs-bitcoin](./examples/swaps-api-nextjs-bitcoin/README.md) - Cross-chain native Swaps between the Ethereum and Bitcoin networks using Swing's API and thirdweb's SDK in Next JS
- [swaps-api-nextjs](./examples/swaps-api-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the Swing API in Next.js
- [swaps-widget-webpack](./examples/swaps-widget-webpack/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the Widget with Webpack
- [swaps-widget-angular](./examples/swaps-widget-angular/README.md) - Cross-chain Swaps using the Widget in Angular

### Staking

- [staking-widget-nextjs](./examples/staking-widget-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Staking using the Widget in Next.js
- [staking-sdk-nextjs](./examples/staking-sdk-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Staking using the SDK in Next.js
- [staking-api-nextjs](./examples/staking-api-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Staking using the Swing API in Next.js

### Withdraw

- [withdraw-widget-nextjs](./examples/withdraw-widget-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Withdraw using the Widget in Next.js

### Gas

- [gas-widget-nextjs](./examples/gas-widget-nextjs/README.md) - Cross-chain Gas Refill using the Widget in Next.js
